Recording.
Danny Park: I hope everyone had
Danny Park: a great week. Happy Friday apologies for last week crazy things just popped up so I couldn't
Danny Park: attend a live version that that the
Danny Park: I thought I was in Miami, the amount of rain that was coming down in the middle of a hurricane I've been. I've been through a couple of hurricanes, I was like, Oh, my God, it's pretty bad! So I was pretty much stuck in traffic subways being swamped. I don't know any reason why kind of cancel, because I felt like there might be other
Danny Park: team members here in class who, popping the same situation I was. So there's no way I was, gonna have, you know, put the extra anxiety to kind of log in, or or miss a
Danny Park: a a lecture. So luckily I had that that topic already pre recorded, so I was able to share it so hopefully. Everyone had time to consume it.
Danny Park: When looking at our schedule. So you'll see this style schedule that's posted. I'll I will Update our schedule on blackboard to reflect. But you see here.
Danny Park: So what you see in green are the focus areas on Exam one, so meaning that a exam question will come from one of these topics you see in green. So it's going to be the information system
Danny Park: data quality data issues and impacts on decision making strategic business analytics.
Danny Park: introduction to machine learning and AI and deep dive on data strategy. The 2 that you see in like grayish or light blue. There'll be no questions taken directly from that content, however
Danny Park: understanding or being aware of what's
Danny Park: in those lectures, may help answer the essay questions on the exam a little bit more. Thoroughly. So. So what does that mean? That means that if you have a really good understanding of data models and big data and database manager systems right then you don't have to go back and review.
Danny Park: But if you don't, if this is the first time you actually come across these topics, and you need a basic refresher on what those are listening to lecturers and using them as study aids for the other. Content would be beneficial.
Danny Park: Alright? So any questions on that.
Danny Park: So far it's before I continue, I think, all good.
Danny Park: Alright, so let me let me keep going. So then, what is the the format of the exam? So my exams are
Danny Park: essay question based? There are 5 questions.
Danny Park: and each question is worth 20 points. and the quality of the answer. We'll determine
Danny Park: the grade for that particular question, and then at the end, I aggregate all the all the
Danny Park: the the the scores for each question, and then you get your total, and we'll go over a sample essay. Question. What? It's for those, maybe, who join late. I posted a sample question with the answer on blackboard.
Danny Park: So a good in the past. What students used to do is they would actually answer that question before looking at the answer. and then they would then compare a the 20 point answer. And, by the way, that 20 point answer was an answer that was given by a previous student
Danny Park: who took the course. No background in the BA, no background data, analytics, all. All they did was just really take time to understand the content that's delivered in in our lectures.
Danny Park: So use that as a guide to to understand what the definition of comprehensive means for this for our
Danny Park: assessment. So the logistics it's take home. There's no need to be on zoom next week. October thirteenth. I make the exam available on blackboard for download
Danny Park: at 5 50, so that basically, you know the time that we start our usual class.
Danny Park: and the due date for that exam for our Exam. Is at 9 Pm. So 9 at 7 15 Pm. Is at 9 pm.
Danny Park: Right? Because I want to give the full 3 h. Also. I wanna ensure that
Danny Park: I like to work around people's schedules. I know, during a lot of us work full time things pop up. We can't sometimes join class because we are in in meetings. Or is there some senior person who is who's knocking at your door. So I give that flexibility to let people operate on their own time. However, in exchange for that flexibility. My 9 Pm. Deadline is sharp.
Danny Park: If you hand that test in for me late into me late, you get paying it penalize, and it's covered on the syllabus. Okay, and all the all these exam logistics are also in the syllabus. So if you don't want to review the recording and figure out what the logistics are. You could either go back to this schedule where I'll post you'll see it to update it version, or you can just go to the syllabus. But I'm really serious about my due date
Danny Park: because of that flexibility. There's really no reason, unless it's really mismanagement of time.
Danny Park: There's no reason to hand in it late. So a. A. An example, you know. Couple of semesters ago, a student handed in at 1115 pm. Around 1115. And this 20 point penalty.
Danny Park: Okay? And and he would have got 100. But you end up getting an 80. So I'm very serious out of fairness for everyone. The due date is is, that's the one thing I will not negotiate on. Hopefully. Everyone understands
Danny Park: and respects that submissions of the exam is through blackboard, using the link.
Danny Park: however, as backup, you can email me right, because I know blackboard is you know, I heard Burgers moving away from blackboard. I like had a Thank God moment. But anyway, I know how I know Brooke has a lot. I know blackboard has a lot of issues right sometimes there are things that I post up there, and I see I get it, I see, like a little hanging, and never posts. So I understand that. So if if you feel that blackboard is unreliable.
Danny Park: And you want to email me, you can for sure email me. But the email is still the same deadline. It's still 9 Pm. Deadline. So you can email me, you could use a link doesn't matter.
Danny Park: The link will. However, the link on blackboard. I have it to shut off at 9 0 one pm, so if you end up using blackboard and you're trying to go in at 9 pm. Let's say, just turns at 9 0 one. It might actually give you that error message if it doesn't, but it doesn't get submitted. So if you're like at 8 59 pm. About to hand it in. I will probably email it
Danny Park: instead of using blackboard just just because I know how and unreliable blackboard can be alright. So we covered the submission process.
Danny Park: So I will be on zoom
Danny Park: next week from 5 50 to 7, 15
Danny Park: for anyone who wants to hop on the same zoom, link, zoom, link, and ask me any questions. Right? You know. Sometimes you're going into an exam. You don't really understand what I'm trying to ask or what the question is asking, and you need clear clarification. I'll be around till 7 15 to provide the answers. However.
Danny Park: I will not stay beyond 7 15.
Danny Park: Okay, so it's it's complete option to hop on or not. But that's part of like the time management that would ask everyone to consider is that if you know, I'm not going to be available at 7 15,
Danny Park: and
Danny Park: you might have a question.
Danny Park: you know, about one of the questions on the exam. It might not make sense to actually open the exam at 7 20 right? Maybe you don't want to take the exam at right at 5 50. Maybe you want some extra review time before you take the exam
Danny Park: right? Just open that 5 50. Read through the question. See if you understand. Don't understand. If you have some misunderstanding or or not clear about particular question. Hop onto zoom, I'll be here.
Danny Park: I do. I will monitor my email actively, but I can't promise you that I will able to answer your question. So what does that mean? It means that, let's say you're not the only one to email me a question after 9, after 7 15, right? So if you're not the first person in with the email, and I'm I'm in the middle of answering other emails.
Danny Park: And I don't get to your question by the time you have to hand it in. Then that's you know, we just had a luck at that point. So just be aware that you know.
Danny Park: the avenues of communication can be blocked based on the volume.
Danny Park: That's not a volume that's being used. Okay.
Danny Park: alright. And then and we covered the 5 essay question format. So I'll stop here any questions around the exam logistics and the format of the exam.
Danny Park: Alright, I think I think we're good. I hope? Any. Okay, Deanne, go ahead.
Dian Chen: Can we do? We have to answer each of the questions in essence format? Or would it be beneficial to kind of just pull it, pointing out. Sure. Great question, I bullet pointing is fine, but in the past
Danny Park: students who have a bullet pointed. They
Danny Park: I'm not saying, you will, but they would. They structured it so
Danny Park: they actually didn't structure it like, I couldn't follow what they're trying to say.
Danny Park: So at that point it wasn't answering a question to the expectation that a stakeholder like myself that I have. So they ended up losing points. So
Danny Park: what I always recommend is to start with bullet points right? Just jot down the key concepts that you need to cover to answer a question comprehensively, and then, after you jot those down. Then, I would say, start to them, work through the summary, and then summary, or the narrative around it, and then submit it that way.
Danny Park: or if you if your bullet points, if you're like, really like, really good on bullet points, and it's telling a story. And you're doing like the example we're going to go through to the mix of a summary and bullet point like, if that's if that reads, suffice, then II say, feel free to submit it.
Danny Park: But I'm just. I'm just sharing with you what I've seen in the past
Danny Park: happened with students who took the blueprint format.
Danny Park: Does that answer your question to you. Okay, perfect.
Danny Park: All right. Walt, go ahead. Yeah. Thank you. If you started at 5 50, do you have like the full 3 h, or is there a time limit on time limit? Full 3 h. Thank you.
Danny Park: Michael. Go ahead.
michael amuev: hey? Good evening, Professor. So I hopped in a little bit late. I see that the exam Logistics mentions that there are 5 essay question format. Will that be the
michael amuev: complete format of the exam, or is there anything additional choice or short answer
Qudratullah Yousufi: man. Sorry if I'm gonna put you this, could ratula. Yeah. Professor, about the essay format. Is there any requirements? Minimum maximum words. No, no, that. And that's the that's the that's the part of the test, right? A as as Mba level business analyst, we have to be able to be very concise and comprehensive at the same time. So, in other words, communicate like a business professional. So I don't put a word limit on purpose.
Danny Park: So what that means is, however, what that means is, and I've seen students do in the past.
Danny Park: They because they didn't want to answer the question, or think through the question. What they did was, they went back to the Powerpoints and copy, and pasted everything they thought that was related
Danny Park: to answer the question. So that is not. That's not specific or comprehensive when it's not even answering the question itself as an analyst would cause it as an analyst with a if a stakeholder says, should I go into the European market.
Danny Park: and which town and which city should I? Should I make a priority as an analyst. We can't say, you know. Oh, go into Europe and then China, you know China, and they can't give them a broad answer, right? Cause? That's not what? That's not what the the question was. So when you read the question.
Danny Park: it's specific. It's a specific ask in the question.
Danny Park: get down to the specifics, but also be comprehensive in answering that specific topic. So so I shouldn't see if I'm asking things around data quality.
Danny Park: I shouldn't see answers related to artificial intelligence, right? Although related, I'm not asking about artificial intelligence. I don't. I'm not asking about the platform. I'm asking about the other quality itself.
Danny Park: You could use artificial intelligence as as reinforcing a point like you need data quality of completeness to be able to train a a machine learning algorithm to get high quality, artificial intelligence that's good. But to give me a rant about artificial intelligence itself.
Danny Park: it would be missing the mark, so I would take off some points there for not being concise or specific. And when we go over our our practice question, that will get a little bit more clear as to what I'm looking for.
Danny Park: Does it add your question, cool your tool? Yeah, thank you. Okay, you're welcome.
Danny Park: all right. Any other questions.
Danny Park: Oh, yes, almost Mustafa
Mustafa Afif: professor. So is it test multiple attempt, or it's just one shot it once you submitted this. Oh, yeah, once you submit it, please don't cause
Danny Park: well, blackboard will only let you submit once. I will only take your first submission. So
Danny Park: unless some real, significant technical difficulty. I will only take the first one
Danny Park: out of fairness for everybody. Right? So ho! Hope! Hope that answered that question.
Danny Park: Good question, though II know I know sometimes people wanna like they submit it. And then, just because they wanna be on time with it. Then they wanna go back and think about more, right? So I that that I don't give that much flexibility there in that in that perspective.
Danny Park: Alright. Well, and it because it's take home like, I'm not saying I I'm not saying anyone's gonna cheat. But
Danny Park: sometimes people talk to each other, especially at take-home test right? And I would ask everyone not to do that. I have actually never ran into that yet.
Danny Park: But please don't do that cause people like I actually read very closely the answers. So you know, it's unless you're gonna completely rewrite what someone else wrote, I'm gonna be, you know, I I'm gonna see some similarity there. Especially being at, you know, a only a 40 to 45 member class
Danny Park: second thing, please don't use chat. Gp.
Danny Park: okay? Cause I,
Danny Park: we have software here we run through, and it will give us a probability on if it was generated by chat or genai. Okay, so please don't use it.
Danny Park: And you shouldn't really have to use it ever. All the content that's required comes from the actual.
Danny Park: you know the lectures. Also the way I pose my questions. It's so specific to what we covered. I don't even think Jane AI would be ready to answer it to the
Danny Park: expectation that I'm looking for
Danny Park: right, unless because, Jenni, I wasn't trained on on our course content. Basically what I'm what I'm trying to say.
Danny Park: alright any other questions.
Mustafa Afif: Professor, you said you, we can download the question, and we can also send it to your email. That's what you said. Sure, yeah, yeah. So the the exam will be available available for download through blackboard, so people can. Just so you don't. In other words, you don't. I don't have the questions in blackboard
Danny Park: like I hate doing that. I've done that in the past, and blackboard is just unreliable. So I just have people download it in the word format, so you'll have a word file. And just with the questions
Danny Park: you answer it on your own time, on your own local device, and then, when you're ready, you go back to blackboard. You could either use the link
Danny Park: to submit it. because the the same link you use to download is the same link you used to upload.
Danny Park: You either use a link, or if you don't trust blackboard, and I totally understand why some people wouldn't. You? Could email me using my Pwc address, the one on the syllabus. You could email me the exam as well.
Danny Park: The only requirement I have for submission, though, is just a 9 Pm. Deadline
Danny Park: hunt, and I will not extend it. This is because it's just been too much, you know. Too much flexibility, too much communication. So I have to draw the line somewhere.
Walt Black: Yeah, if we do submit it on blackboard, does it? Is it? Okay? If we email it to you just to be safe.
Danny Park: Of course. Yup, Yup. So what I do is when I go I'll go up. I go to blackboard first. And if I see some like issue
Danny Park: or like, it's not submitted to blackboard. I go check my email so and what what you could, you could email me as well, just just for redundancy. So I'm okay with that, too. Yeah, yeah, just if it's the same copy. I understand what you say. Yeah, yeah, cool. Thank you. No, you're welcome. Awesome.
Danny Park: alright. Any other. Any other questions.
Danny Park: sweet, alright. So so just to before we get into the actual content. My reviews are quick. By the way, cause again, like I said, for those who join late, all, all the stuff, like everything, is transcribed
Danny Park: on Zoom. So I don't want to waste anyone's time and resea the same thing. I just go through slide by slide. What's important to focus on. So when you're reviewing, you could skip parts of the the recording and just focus on the key pieces. So you don't have to look through. I don't know, maybe, what how many
Danny Park: hours of content so far. 3. Now, like, it's like 27 HA con. No, not 27 h, maybe, I think 15 or 13 h of content. I just too much so. So that's and that's what you see in the green here for those who join late. What you see, Green, here is the topics where I will be pulling the questions from.
Danny Park: So that's the focus areas for the exam.
Danny Park: the light blue or gray. I'm I think I'm colorblind. Some people tell me it's people tell me that's light blue. II just see Gray.
Danny Park: Okay, anyway. The gray boxes. I won't be pulling questions directly from those topics, however.
Danny Park: having the basic knowledge of those of those topics, will help answer the questions on the exam a little bit more thoroughly and more comprehensively right?
Danny Park: So just going to give you a boost and and really formulating what you want to, what you want to talk about.
Danny Park: Alright. So let me go ahead and close this out. Let me just double check double. Make sure that I saved.
Danny Park: Okay? And then let's go into the information system section first, the slide deck here.
Danny Park: Alright.
Danny Park: So
Danny Park: this is this this part. So not this and this we don't have to worry about, so that part of the content. And I'll let you sort of just listen in on
Danny Park: if you wanted some more, you know additional inspiration to really tackle exam question. But this is, this is the big piece right here about what the information system is. So my question is gonna be related to, you have an information system. You gotta first tell me, like what the information system is.
Danny Park: Right? So I'm looking for a key. I'm looking for a key explanation right? And I go through it in the actual lecture. You know, I talk about how people make a mistake. They confuse 2 terms.
Danny Park: Then I'm gonna ask, you know, like what the components are like, describe the components.
Danny Park: how they interact with one another.
Danny Park: And what happens if one of those components is not aligning
Danny Park: to something else? Right? And I think I make a big make. I make a big deal about it right, and I make a big deal about it because I see it and live it every day as a technology consultant, as a operation consultant and as a risk consultant right? I wore those hats throughout my career that was like the common theme
Danny Park: that organizations have
Danny Park: at the strategic level was that their systems, the components of their systems was not aligned very well.
Danny Park: There were people making decisions about a particular component without co discussing with the leaders who would run one of the other components. So it needs, it needs needs that alignment. So that's the that's where I want to focus on. So really, this slide here. And what I talk about in the recorded lecture is the big takeaway.
Danny Park: Any questions about the information system.
Danny Park: But what I covered in that pre-recorded lecture.
Danny Park: Alright perfect. So moving on. So we covered that. Now let's go to data. Quality.
Danny Park: Okay, data quality. Alright. So data quality.
Danny Park: Alright so. But everything here is important because it's only one slide.
Danny Park: But
Danny Park: but everything's in point. However, here's a key thing.
Danny Park: one of the questions
Danny Park: right? So my questions, the the my questions are are trying to assess. If if the students are tying all these concepts together. So when we look about that when we think about the information system, one of the components is data.
Danny Park: right? So I might have a question that talks about data quality
Danny Park: and
Danny Park: the perfect answer might require
Danny Park: integrating
Danny Park: what you know about the information system to really tackle the question at the 20 point level.
Danny Park: Okay, so everything about about the data. This lecture here, this slide and the and the pew recorder lecture is absolutely important. I would strongly advise
Danny Park: reviewing both the information system pre-record
Danny Park: and the data prerecord. And think about
Danny Park: what happens from a data quality perspective. If something will go wrong here.
Danny Park: how that would seep into the rest of the information system and and what inefficiencies it will cause downstream, not only in the process, but also the technology, even the metrics.
Danny Park: Okay? Because that's what business analysts do we? We have a complete picture of what the business, what the business problem is. And we focus on the best solutions. Because we have a holistic view of the actual. If that information system not just the information technology.
Danny Park: alright. Any questions here related to data.
Danny Park: data quality and things like that.
Danny Park: Alright good. And what's next? And we have.
Danny Park: So I'm not gonna cover the data models and the database manager systems like
Danny Park: cause. Usually read the let. Just listen to lecture on your own time and just figure it out. There's nothing to focus on there. Okay.
Danny Park: let's go to strategic business analytics. So I'm gonna plug
Danny Park: that slide deck in a moment. If my laptop wants to
Danny Park: work, come on. Alright.
Danny Park: So business analytics. Okay, so
recording.
Danny Park: So so and say something.
Danny Park: Okay. I think we just so much didn't go on mute. Okay? Oh, all good. Alright. So this slide is very important.
Danny Park: Okay. we have to understand what strategy is
Danny Park: right. And it gives you the definition. We have to also understand
Danny Park: how
Danny Park: Ops project and product, how they all interrelate with one another.
Danny Park: Okay, and how analytics is a pervasive thing that that goes across these 3.
Danny Park:  I call them enablers to success, right? Or the pillars. Right? So it goes across these 3 pillars and analytics is what like that keeps these these 3 things aligned.
Danny Park: Okay? So we talked a lot about these slide 9 and 10. During our actual lecture, which is recorded, I would highly definitely encourage
Danny Park: to understand slides, not intend, because they will be a question related coming out of there, without a doubt.
Danny Park: Alright! And then that's that's pretty. That's pretty much it. Like we could, you guys, you guys could read the rest of this just get inspiration. But the big, the big focus on is going to be these 2
Danny Park: strategic planning executive.
Danny Park: what is strategy? And then strategic planning, executive management.
Danny Park: Alright
Danny Park: any questions related to this.
Danny Park: So, as I'm talking, you might don't. Please don't misunderstand like Oh, I don't have to review a lot.
Danny Park: My quest again my questions. Tie these things these things together, right? Like, for example, on strategy. If you don't have a really good data strategy.
Danny Park: right? Well, for example, if well, let's begin. If you don't have a good strategy meaning you don't understand what strategy is, then you can't have a good data strategy. If you don't have a good data strategy. Whether there's an effect
Danny Park: right? It's gonna affect something, right? It's gonna affect data quality. If something is wrong with either quality, then your information system is off. And if your information system is off, then you create all these other inefficiencies. So my questions are like, it's it's that in depth.
Danny Park: So what I mean by comprehensive? That's what I'm talking about. But within these concepts
Danny Park: the question is asking something specific.
Danny Park: So within these concepts, would it bring together what's relevant to answer that specific question.
Danny Park: So specific and comprehensive is the expectation to answer a question, to get 20 points
Danny Park: alright. So switch you did. We did that then. Now let's go to machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Danny Park: This slide. So slide 2 slide 3, not really tested because it is historical
Danny Park: concepts. Right? Slide 4 will be tested.
Danny Park: Well, it would test a meaning.
Danny Park: We will have to understand it, to be able to bring it into, bring it into our
Danny Park: knowledge areas to be able to answer questions. So machine learning steps are very important. We don't have to worry about this because this is another view of Slide 4,
Danny Park: slide 6 will not be tested like it. Just it was just showing, you know, like it was just stressing the point
Danny Park: of how
Danny Park: things are machine learning, how are how machines learn?
Danny Park: Right? As basically based on the business problem.
Danny Park: Right? Slide 7, 8 and 9,
Danny Park: you need to focus on it.
Danny Park: I have to understand what like the differences between this th. These 3 learning models
Danny Park: don't need 11
Danny Park: don't need 12, don't need 13 need 15,
Danny Park: and I remember throughout this lecture recovered the concerns as I was speaking right? So
Danny Park: just PE just pay attention to to the concerns that I raise. I think I also at the end, did cover this slide again. So just to recap slide 4,
Danny Park: slide 5. No, I'm sorry. Slide 4, slide
Danny Park: 7, 8, 9,
Danny Park: and then 15. Okay, so slide 4, slide 7, slide, 8, slide 9,
Danny Park: and then
Danny Park: slide 15.
Danny Park: Okay, so as example, not that this question is gonna like. Not that this type of question will be on the exam. Like to tie it all together. You know I could ask a question. You know a a company is starting to build. They're starting to build their artificial Intelligence platform that does XY and Z.
Danny Park: And as they're building, they're creating, they're finding a lot of inefficiencies in the way there are. Their platform is learning.
Danny Park: What are the main reasons that could be causing that inefficiency.
Danny Park: So when we think about it that that question, although it might seem very like, Well, what is he talking about? Let's go think, just think about the con, the topics we we covered. Right? We talked about data quality. We talked about information systems we talked about
Danny Park: and infrastructure everything else. So knowing all that right and then knowing what it takes to actually do a, the learning machine learning steps, we could start answering the question as to, Oh, yeah, if you're having inefficiency around creating an artificial intelligence platform. Well, here are all the things that might be wrong, right?
Danny Park: And then
Danny Park: you go and answer that question.
Danny Park: Okay, so I won't. I won't give it away, because, you know, that's part of the exam. But that's that's how we have to think about again. Like my, the content. I'm covering. These, all things relate to each other.
Danny Park: They don't live in their separate silos. So that's why I hate multiple choice questions, because multiple choice questions, it forces you.
Danny Park: It forces you to only learn things in silos. but in the business world
Danny Park: for those who future consultants out there we can't give answers and silos. The answers our clients expect are very. We have to be comprehensive and specific.
Danny Park: So part of the exam is is assessing your ability to bring in all the knowledge that you have gained develop a story that's specific, comprehensive, which is going to answer the actual question drive value.
Danny Park: Sorry. I really hate multiple choice questions. I feel that's a very disservice to to grad students undergrad. Maybe
Danny Park: right?
Danny Park: Because Lya Undergrad is like you. You should like. They don't know anything so like making them memorize things is okay. But at the graduate level, what we expect from Mbas training, you guys on multiple choice questions absolutely fails. You guys when you guys go through interviews.
Danny Park: anyway. Hello, little Rant there. Sorry about that. I don't know if anyone knows me like have seen me like participate on Brook, on campus, like events like that's my whole. I'm very passionate about making sure that Bruce students are prepared for interviews.
Danny Park: cause that's the only thing I see that Burgers deficient and is, is training students how to actually get to interviews.
Danny Park: And I firmly believe the way they test.
Danny Park: Anyway. Sorry offer ants. You could skip that part of the review recording. All right. So we're good here. Any questions around machine learning.
Danny Park: And AI,
michael amuev: yeah, Professor.
Danny Park: I'm just bombarded with that training all day every day. Alright. So next one deep dive and data strategy. So this is this is my
Danny Park: who my day to day it gets. It gets messy. But
Danny Park: we got to figure this out
Danny Park: not just as a company, but our whole and our entire business world has to figure this out.
Danny Park: So data strategy. This
Danny Park: is important. This will be tested.
Danny Park: The question that's related to data strategy is gonna seep. It's gonna require
Danny Park: good understanding of the other kind of of the other topics that we just talked about right? Because data strategy is the comprehensive thing that
Danny Park: that that it's either gonna make you pass or fail
Danny Park: everything we talked about
Danny Park: from building. Building an AI platform to training your machines to making sure your data quality is good. Make sure your information systems align
Danny Park: companies right now, waking up and understanding that they'd never had a data strategy because they didn't understand what strategy was. In the first place.
Danny Park: right, I mean, when. But you know, that's the strategy slide, right?
Danny Park: It'd be surprising at how many. And this is something I realized as I was growing up into more senior roles. How
Danny Park: we assume that top level executives, that all of them understand what strategy is, and I would tell you not all of them do only the best of the best understand what strategy actually is right, because many of them who got into executive roles, they got their
Danny Park: in a different path right? Not all of them were strategists who got into executive roles. So.
Danny Park: really understanding how to carve out strategy, will first understanding understanding what strategy is, and then be able to carve out what that means and apply it to the entire value chain of organization.
Danny Park: including
Danny Park: the information system. That's what makes us separates the best from everyone else.
Danny Park: So definitely review everything here.
Danny Park: right? Focus on the data life cycle. This is something that people forget
Danny Park: that they don't understand
Danny Park: that everything that we do right now in information, in, in, in industry 4 point
Danny Park: right now, where we're building AI, everything that's happening with generating new data at a light speed
that has impact
Danny Park: to knowledge, to analytics, to strategy, to infrastructure, to cost.
Danny Park: to talent models, to global
Danny Park: government reactions, to automation. It has a complete impact. So we have to understand that data cycle is a is a thing, although invisible. It's the. It's a thing that's the most pervasive that we're not. We're not paying attention to.
Danny Park: Okay. Now, I'm emphasizing data lifecycle. But like I said, all of these are important.
Danny Park: right understanding. Each
Danny Park: is gonna help us really bring together
Danny Park: right? And this slide 10. It call like, and and it culminates with its slide. 10.
Danny Park: This is going to be a future for all, and maybe it's a strong statement. But I firmly believe this.
Danny Park: Your careers for those in this room newly minted, and, Mbas, you will. You will make a name for yourselves in data.
Danny Park: right? It's and I don't mean engineering. I mean just the several different knowledge areas that we have to understand about data.
Danny Park: right? It's collection. It's transformation, it's transmission.
Danny Park: It's translation. right? It's it's cleansing. It's loading right? It's storage. All that stuff for everything. I just listed. Each is its own career path.
Danny Park: So there's a lot of opportunity for everyone in this room to carve out a great career in data, because all the firms are focused on it. Average, I can't name one that's not.
Danny Park: And by firm, that's like about the fortune 500, like, if you're mom and pop shop like you're, you have different problems, right?
Danny Park: But if you're 14500, especially the force, 100, the everything's data right now.
Danny Park: So definitely definitely review this. All the slides are important. Any questions.
michael amuev: Yeah, Professor, if I may.
Danny Park: Yeah, go ahead.
michael amuev: So I actually had a question regarding this lecture. When I watched it there were different components of it. There was the 3 pillars. Then there was the 7 principles, and then there was the components, and at the end. It's the slide that you have up, which is the signs of a poor data strategy. I just wanted to understand. Where? Where do the 3 pillars. I guess it's not related to the exam, but more to the lecture and of itself.
Danny Park: But where do the 3 pillars that you talk about in the beginning of that lecture. How do they apply? Are they more important than the 7 principles? Because I felt like there was some overlaps within the governance. Yeah, yeah, no. There, there is a lot of overlap. So a data strategy, great question, a data strategy is is specific to the organization, right? Depending on depending on what the company's business is.
Danny Park: You're gonna prioritize. One component of your data. Strategy needs over another. Like, if you're a like, I'll just use this. For example, if you if you are, let's say Mana.
Danny Park: Meta, or Amazon, right? And you have blistering amounts of data flying back and forth, and you and the. And then you're leveraging your data infrastructure to actually deliver services right like Amazon knows to bring me my stuff and time because they're storing that data, and they're able to provide a surfaces to some other mechanism or some other node in the company. So for them, I'm making sure that my architecture, my data models is best in class, and I'm gonna get away with. If some of my other components are not as good because I my cost is a constraint.
Danny Park: right? And my time is a constraint. So I could only focus on 1, 1, 1, 1, 1 one place. So when we talk about when we think about data strategy. Right?
Danny Park: What you what you see here, or whatever version you see, is just the basic foundation knowledge areas that we have to be considering.
Danny Park: But once we get into an organization, we start understanding what business they're in, we start custom tailoring the components and prioritizing what needs to be surface to the top versus the others.
Danny Park: Does that? Does that answer your question like, does that?
michael amuev: Yeah. So that helps me get a more clear understanding as to the the component aspect. You're saying that the the business and depending on their needs, they're gonna focus on different components. But how do we tie that in with the 3 pillars that we mentioned. I understand how the how the 7 principles apply
michael amuev: and how the errors might be based back to the 7 principles. But where do the 3 pillars exactly have a role in that.
Danny Park: Let's let's take it. Let's take it offline cause there's like my thoughts. I have a lot to talk. I don't wanna go into election. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah. So let's let's do. Yeah, you should email us to office hours that make sense. Is that okay? Okay, cool, cool. Thanks, Mike. But I appreciate the questions I just, I just want to do right by you and not.
Danny Park: and and just set set up some time to really go through that. But great question, though. Yeah, alright, thank you.
Danny Park: Alright. And any other questions.
Danny Park: All right. Any
Danny Park: anyone still concerned about the exam.
Danny Park: Yes, no. Raise your hands. It's okay. Like it. Just, I think the reason why? I asked, because I okay, good. Good. Thank you for being honest.
Danny Park: It's okay. It's it's it might seem
Danny Park: scary. But
Danny Park: it's really not like people do very well in my exams.
Danny Park: They really do. So let's let's go into a practice question. And hopefully, this kinda
Danny Park: helps
Natallia’s iPhone: lessen the fears or the anxieties around take can be practice. Actually, I looked at the prost practice practice question as we started the lecture and made me more scared. Oh, really.
Danny Park: I don't know if I'm alone. Well, good good news is. This is probably, if I were to say, if this is easy question first harder question, this is probably one of the harder questions I would that I put on by put on an exam. So, okay, good. So
Danny Park: the practice question. So this again, is the question that I asked in the past. And the answer, you see, was actually an actual answer provided by
Danny Park: a students. Okay? So the practice question, you are a business consultant helping your client create a robust and value dripping data strategy. Right? So what I'm thinking immediately is, my mind is on
Danny Park: the data strategy lecture. It's like as the first concept, I need to start using to gain inspiration to answer this question. So that's where my mind is going to be. Okay.
Danny Park: Okay, then it goes. The Cfo asks you. Right? So some chief executive officer, right of finance right in this case is finance asking me what is data quality and a significance to business operations. How would you respond to provide a comprehensive answer?
So what this student did was
Danny Park: in a bullet point slash like hybrid summary format. First
Danny Park: answered. what is data quality by using the components. which is a fantastic approach?
Danny Park: Right? So it's answering the first part, remember? Comprehensive. Okay? So she? She dissected the question
Danny Park: and started to use it, to start to provide the answer to each, to each part of the question. Okay, it was great analytics here, like going through the question and analyzing it, to understand what needs how it needs to be answered, to get 20 points right? And, by the way, like she was the only one that got 20 points. There's several got 20 points. This was just the most. This one was the one that impressed me the most
Danny Park: out of out of all of them. So she
Danny Park: first did the components
Danny Park: and set and describe them
Danny Park: right, because the Cfo's asking, it's like, hey? This is accuracy, and refers to that, and conformity refers to this and that. Consistency refers to that
Danny Park: perfect
Danny Park: on the exam. They're they're. I remember this question. They're students who just ended there.
Danny Park: Right? So wasn't comprehensive. Didn't answer the second part
Danny Park: of the question the Cfo asked.
Danny Park: Okay, so
Danny Park: the highest they got was 13 points. By the way, I don't fail people. I don't believe in failing people.
Danny Park: especially at the grad level, unless you really, really, really like deserve it like, I don't feel anybody. But they got 13 points. So they still at that. 13 is like, I think, like a like a 65 or 70 out of that right? So the worst, the worst you get is like 13 points on a hundred question, unless you really really muck it up
Danny Park: right? So.
Danny Park: But this answer was answering the significance. Say, Hey, Data Act. Accurate data is crucial for business operations because it forms a foundation of informed decision. Making
Danny Park: and aggregated can lead flawed and analysis, misguided strategies
Danny Park: and financial losses, for example, inaccurate sales, figures can result in incorrect revenue, forecast impacting budget allocation, resource planning so
she
Danny Park: explain the significance, but also referenced. How it impacts or can influence strategy. Just in that alone.
Danny Park: We covered all this. She didn't use anything. What was not in the she used everything that we talked about in lecture. This was fantastic, and you see, it's not that much writing
Danny Park: so specific. It was comprehensive, it answered what was asked about in the question. There's no rant for anything else. There's nothing in here where she added things that did not relate to what she was trying to tackle in the question.
Danny Park: This was a pure, high class.
Danny Park: and analyst answer. and then she followed that with every single one of them.
Danny Park: Right?
Danny Park: Here's another one. So consistency ensures that data is uniform and follow standardized formats and conventions.
Danny Park: Right? Consistent data simplifies data management, reporting and analysis. So she referenced the data management system.
Danny Park: I recognize that extra like in my mind, like awesome
Danny Park: inconsistencies, such as variations in date formats of product descriptions, can lead to errors and misinterpretations.
Danny Park: Consistent data promotes clarity and reduces the risk of miscommunication and operational efficiencies.
Danny Park: She referenced the the product project and operations
Danny Park: high class answer.
Danny Park: okay, and then so on and so forth. So definitely take a look at how this was answered
Danny Park: right? And take note that
Danny Park: the person really really was thoughtful and and like really analyzing the question
Danny Park: right? So she had to account for what the client wanted to do. and also had to account for what the Cfo asked.
Danny Park: So where did some go wrong? So I already referred. I already provide an example. What what some students went wrong was, they only answered a part of the question. Right? So I will say that's the most common theme of of student answers. Not getting full points is because when they look at the question.
Danny Park: They don't actually answer the whole question. They're not comprehensive.
Danny Park: It's like they pick, they add. They read the question. and then their mind goes to what they want to answer.
Danny Park: and then they list their answer. But here you're not answering for yourself. You're answering for the Cfo. And for your client. So as analysts, we have to give the answer that they want, we can't give the answer that we think
Danny Park: they want. We want. and that comes to
Danny Park: understanding the business problem. So each question on the exam is the business problem that you, as analysts, have to solve in a specific, comprehensive, and articulate way.
Danny Park: That's what these my tests are testing you on. And, by the way, your interviews have the same format.
Danny Park: So if you can answer the questions posed to an interview, and you dissect the questions and analyze it. And you give the interviewer exactly what they're asking for in a comprehensive, specific way. You're going to get that job
Danny Park: for those who fail to do that. The hiring manager's gonna go. I have no idea what this person's talking about.
Danny Park: They just ranted.
Danny Park: And then you get chosen over the other candidate. Okay. so this. any questions around like this?
Danny Park: Does it provide some clarity around how to tackle an actual question.
Natallia’s iPhone: Yes, I just hope not. All of them. Are this loaded? No, no, no, this is like I use. II provided, like the the, the the most, the the most loaded one I could think of to provide it as example
Danny Park: to cover all the bases. But not there's. There'd be questions on the exam that are not as loaded as this one
Danny Park: like this will be the question that's gonna separate the A's from the A minuses and b pluses. or everyone could just do a great job. And everyone gets haze like, you know, that's it. Yeah.
Danny Park: So I'm looking at the so a new professor. All these points are just the answer for that question.
Danny Park: Okay, can I? Can you? Can you clarify anoop? Wh? What do you mean? What do you mean by that?
Natallia’s iPhone: I think he's trying to ask, or she she's trying to ask if this is the answer to one question which was my concern, making sure not all of them. Are this loaded? Oh, yeah, yeah, these are. Yes, these are. These are all the.
Danny Park: But if you think about it, it's not that much
Danny Park: right? We just hope that we won't have to write 5 pages. No, no, no, no, it's it's it's I promise it's not that. It's not like that.
Danny Park: It's it's there's gonna there's gonna be a question
Danny Park: that's similar to this, that so all questions, like all exams.
Danny Park: there has to be a question that's used as a separator
Danny Park: between, you know, the ones who actually like understood the material, who who applied their rigor and discipline to study, and, you know, ask the right questions things like that, and then everyone else, just out of the fairness of what Brew calls a greeting policy. Right? But
Danny Park: even on interviews you would never get a question like this or similar like this, unless you're actually going for an operation.
Danny Park: How'd you consulting role
Danny Park: like those roles require you? In fact, those questions are so high level
Danny Park: that
Danny Park: they're testing to see how much knowledge you actually know about that. That, you know, answering that pride, that business problem. And they want to stay there assessing your complete knowledge base
Danny Park: as a as a consultant. So those are actually very difficult. So so this is just one example. Hope it kind of clears it up just like I said, one question will be like this, the others will be a lot less, not as loaded.
Danny Park: Okay. But, Mike, I saw you had a hand up. I don't want to ignore you.
michael amuev: Sorry. I just kinda wanted to ask. So the way the student approached this question was by identifying all the components describing the components and then in indicating what their significance is, would an appropriate response, maybe be in a similar fashion, so identify all the components what they are. And then, at the very end, after you identified all 6 components, just write like one or 2 sentences implying their significance in in a in a general consensus
michael amuev: like, how would you grade that? Would that be a sufficient answer? Do you want it? Each each component. What is it? And it's it's significance. No, no, no. So what you said is is is on the right track. Because, like I said, this was the one that impressed me the most.
Danny Park: There are other students who answered it differently, who still got 20 points
Danny Park: right, but I just wanted to show
Danny Park: the one that was the most impressive, and how they tackled and analyzed the question, where? If? I'm sure? Yeah, you know what I mean? If I'm showing the top of the mountain.
Danny Park: Then.
Danny Park: you know, and not everyone has a clamp to the top like you'll know exactly where to go. You know what I mean I didn't want to give like the like, the worst of the best answer. And then people like start dropping the ball right because I didn't give them the full clarity around like what the best can look like. Does that make sense? No, thanks, Mike. Yeah.
Danny Park: alright. Any any other
Danny Park: questions. And this is already posted on blackboard.
Danny Park: So you guys, you guys, you guys already have access to it?
Danny Park: We have a full week before the exam, like I said, like. If there's any questions around
Danny Park: the, you know.
Danny Park: like exam, you want the office hours. You want to talk through anything anything else. I think I already spoke with a couple of people about the career path around like business analytics. I think that business analytics, the strategic lecture exactly more specifically
kind of got people thinking about like oh, like
Danny Park: like, Oh, what's the MB. Like? Now? I know what I want with my Mba. Before. Like many people, may many people kind of choose, not many. That's strong word. Some people choose to get the Mba. Thinking of the Mba degree. That degree itself is what helps you transform careers. When that's not the case.
Danny Park: What you what you
Danny Park: focus on during your Mba experience is gonna help you discover
Danny Park: where you want to go. No one hires anyone for their degree.
Danny Park: No one doesn't. We don't. No one cares what degree you have actually
Danny Park: what we care about during interviews. We're assessing. If you want to do the role you're actually interviewing for world class companies like mine and Deloitte and and I've worked for a few. All our interview. Our focus area for interviews is, does this person actually want to do this role? Do they actually want to work for Peter Deloitte and all of our questions, although it might not seem obvious. That's what we're assessing for.
Danny Park: because the theory is, which is a good one is that if you know why you're in that room.
Danny Park: and you know why you want to work for that company. Every time you answer a question we give you, it should be specific and comprehensive, and to the point.
Danny Park: If it's not any of those right, you are there, faking your answers and hoping that you put the veil, or you you you you blind us to where we just happened to choose you.
Danny Park: So I want during my my this course and also my extracurricular work. I do at Baruch with students. I'm trying to helping them get through that idea that as hiring entities that we don't recognize that because we actually do
Danny Park: right and has nothing to do with your Gpa. Or how smart someone is, or what school they went to? It all comes down with. Did they give the answers? That was genuine because a genuine answer is comprehensive, specific
Danny Park: to what we're asking for.
Danny Park: right? So anyway. So I have a little rant hope that was helpful, if not my apologies, any questions around anything we covered
Danny Park: about the exam. It's a logistics.
Danny Park: the content where to focus. And the question. Leslie. Oh, go ahead. Yeah.
Leslie Vides: that's good. Yes, when would you be posting the
Leslie Vides: the what? The exam? No, no, no, the the recording, this recording. When would you be posting it as soon as zoom
Danny Park: like tells me it's ready. I'll post a link.
Leslie Vides: Thank you. You're welcome.
Danny Park: Any any other questions.
Donald Rada: I saw someone else go off mute. Sorry if they? Wanna yeah, it was me, Professor, I was just wondering. Has there been a case for a student? I know it's based. But has there been any student who included a photo or an image on their response. And I was wondering, how how do you feel about that?
Danny Park: I am okay with photos as long as there is
Danny Park: like.
Danny Park: I've seen it in the past, and I'll give a good example and a bad one. This is a really good question. I had one give you the photo.
Danny Park: but just a photo. And the photo itself
Danny Park: was like, including things that were not related to the question.
Danny Park: So I had no idea what he was trying to tell me
Danny Park: so because I had nobody. What I was trying to tell me. It didn't satisfy the comprehensive specific. So start to lose points again. I didn't fail like, I didn't get like a 0. Right? I think I gave like a 13, right? Yeah, usually 13 is in my low, like II rarely remember going lower than 13
Danny Park: I did before, but I just forget why I did. But 13 is usually my like lowest, I go unless you don't answer if you don't answer giving a 0. So so please answer the question. Don't like not answer, just thinking, I get straight. 13 and past the exam. That's not gonna happen.
Danny Park: So the the other good ones use the photo, describe the part of the photo that's relevant to what what the answer is, and then gave a little bit more specific, and bringing in some other content, so as long as again. Like, if it answers the question specifically and comprehensive, there's good detail around it. I don't care.
Danny Park: But I just hope it's not like a collage. or you know, or mosaic
Danny Park: of things, or or or word spaghetti like, you know anything. But does it answer your question? Sorry.
Donald Rada: thank you. I was just hoping to like kind of help
Donald Rada: kind of give a full picture. I mean, I'm very open to people using it. If they feel like it's going to add on
Danny Park: and you know, sometimes sometimes people you know, they they show better than tell.
Danny Park: I highly recommend. I recognize that right? So so I would say you people use, you know, everyone can use their judgment, provide pictures. But
Danny Park:  yeah, well, let's see how it goes. But it's fine. But
Danny Park: let me, I was gonna say something.
Danny Park: Oh, yeah.
Danny Park: it's the the exam, is not that overwhelming? Right? And I know it feels overwhelming because and
Danny Park: academically.
Danny Park: what's what what has happened right? Including myself growing up. And our education system is there. It's so they're so they're so keen on giving multiple choice, right?
Danny Park: But like, I said, like my the intent of. So I'm I'm meeting the purpose of the Mba program. The purpose of Mba group program is because students are great getting the Mba. To be ready for the business world. I really take that seriously, and I respect every student that decides to wants it to pay tuition and get an Mba. Because I want to adhere to that right.
Danny Park: I provide essays because essays in this format is practiced to get people ready to tackle interviews and find success. No one cares about your Gpa.
Danny Park: No one cares, no one goes and says, What Gpa do you have there to interview
Danny Park: right? Even your gpas. No one cares unless you're in like high class, like high net worth investment banking.
Danny Park: Outside of that. No one's gonna use your Gp as an assessment to see if you can into G and get into view or not.
Danny Park: Right. A 3 and a 4 to an hiring manager is exact, same.
Danny Park: What separates people is their resume, their experience, how they spent their Mba experience, what they actually did in a thoughtful way to get the wisdom they need to figure what they want to do and how they actually interview.
Danny Park: Okay? So the fear might be, and I'll just go on like an assumption, and I'll and I'll end my rant and we'll end for the night if they're unlisted anymore. Questions, right? Most of the fear comes from the fact that most Mba students are so focused on Gpa. The only thing that they care about is like, oh, my God, I might bomb this, or it's gonna hurt my Gpa.
Danny Park: right? So I'm not sure what to hurt. The Gpa. Means, because getting an A
Danny Park: and a B in one class or in classes doesn't impact the Gpa. To a point where it's going to make you get a job versus not get a job
Danny Park: right? Let's say you get an A in one class, and you get a B plus another right? The the change in your Gpa is like minuscule. So let's say, instead of 4.0, you end up getting a 4 point a 3.6.
Danny Park: As far as your application is concerned, a 4.3 point 6 exact same thing
Danny Park: as long as like a 2.3 like, unless you didn't bomb your Mba program because Mba programs a higher Gpa standard as long as you didn't bomb that standard you're gonna get.
Danny Park: You know, if your resume is right, you're going to get an interview. So reason why I go through this is because I'm trying to help with the fears cause the fears in my, in my experience as an educator, as being a prior student. All that comes from the fact that it's
Danny Park: what's my Gp, gonna be
Danny Park: right. So I just I just want to share that. It's your your Mba experiences. For especially those first years. Your Mba experience be so much more valuable if you take a step back and realize that your Gpa. Is not the priority. It's what you're at, where you're spending your time and making business connections and being thoughtful about how you want to go and answer questions.
Danny Park: including in networking. Because if an executive asks you a question, and you rant. They're not going to give you any attention anymore.
Danny Park: Right? So just please be appreciative of of being challenged by essay based questions, because that's how the business world works. No client goes. I have a problem. Here's a multiple choice exam.
Danny Park: No, I promise you no client will ever do that. and no hiring manager ever do that. No interview process will ever do that will give you multiple choice.
Danny Park: Right? So hope that helps calm the fears about about
Danny Park: the exam.
Danny Park: And that Gpa, although it's it's you need to, you know. Still, like Pass. It shouldn't be the priority.
Danny Park: Do the best.
Danny Park: and we'll go from there. Okay, any questions
Danny Park: on anything so far.
Danny Park: Alright. if not.
Danny Park: or if there are any questions, but just want to ask it in in the room, or you don't want to put it into chat more than happy to please email office hours, all that stuff more than happy to hop on and answer any questions, offline
Danny Park: and
Danny Park: good luck on the exam. And I'll see everyone next week on Zoom. Well, not everyone. I'll see those who want to hop in
Danny Park: and say Hi! To me while you're taking the exam and yell at me for a terrible exam. but besides that, thanks, everyone have a good night, and then a great weekend and see everyone next week. Okay
WF: for us.